c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\le\Display.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\be\Display.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\le\Display.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\be\Display.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\Display.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\Display.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\le\Display.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\le\Display.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\be\Display.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\be\Display.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Glide.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Glide.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Glide.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Glide.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Glide.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Glide.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientSP.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.Resources.resources
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\be\Display.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\be\Display.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\le\Display.pe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\le\Display.pdbx
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.exe
c:\users\chris\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\obj\Debug\Display.pdb
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pe
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pdbx
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.pdbx
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.dll
C:\Users\Chris\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Display\Display\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Camera.xml
